EWhich worship service do you attend most frequently in season?   
8 a.m.    9:30 a.m.    10:45 a.m.  

Are you here full-time or part-time?  Full-time resident    Two to six months    Less than two months  

Regardless of the time, which style of service do you prefer?   Rite I  Rite II with piano and song-leader    Rite II with organ and choir  

Thinking about the clock only, what time would you prefer to worship?  8 a.m.    8:30 a.m.    9 a.m.    9:30 a.m.    10 a.m.    10:30 a.m.    11 a.m.  The Word of God (lectionary readings and prayers of the people)  Very dissatisfied    Dissatisfied    so-so    Satisfied    Very Satisfied  Holy Communion, or the Eucharist   Very Dissatisfied  Dissatisfied    so-so    Satisfied    Very Satisfied  The sermon   Very Dissatisfied    Dissatisfied    so-so    Satisfied    Very Satisfied Fellowship   Very Dissatisfied    Dissatisfied    so-so    Satisfied    Very Satisfied  Healing   Very Dissatisfied    Dissatisfied    so-so  Satisfied    Very Satisfied  Christian formation (Sunday school for adults)   Very Dissatisfied    Dissatisfied    so-so    Satisfied  Very Satisfied 

Would you be open to other worship music, such as contemporary, folk or percussion in order to reach a wider range of participation?   Yes  No    Maybe 

If you have experienced other styles of worship, such as Contemporary, Celtic, U2, Praise, Taize, Corsillo, do you think these styles are:  Inspirational and uplifting    Not for me    I don't have enough information to respond 

If St. Paul's leadership believes changes in music and or worship styles would draw more members that match the demographics of our area (average age: 40.8), would you  Embrace the effort fully, even if it means my usual service might be changed    Be OK with it    Argue against making changes 

If St. Paul's started a Saturday service, would you   Definitely attend    Consider attending    Wouldn't attend 

If research showed that Sunday morning is the best time to attract younger members,  I would be willing to have my service moved to Saturday    I would not like having my service moved to Saturday Would you be willing to have the service you presently attend be combined with another service?   Yes    No 

If, so that everyone could attend a Christian Formation offering, would you allow for your service to be combined with another   Yes    No Save